I have been asking about it for so many years,
After poaching the industry and going to conferences, we finally became the best hidden talent group in the global mobile phone industry.
It's a pity that I'm so fierce,
Otherwise, I want some flags that you can use to confirm me.
Is it in Jiangzhou? President,
This parent-child meeting report,
Please Guo Meng, is this thing reliable?
Please rest assured. If you hadn’t gotten this report,
I'm afraid we can't find the lady and the young master either,
only,
Say it, President,
You are now in Kyushu Hand District,
Unify the world's finance, industry and real estate,
But ladies,
The young master lived a very happy life
The young master is taking them to confiscate the plates
And the madam will help others kill the dishes again
I'm sorry to invite them.
He pulled the child up by himself
It’s really not as good as me serving the country this time
I must buy one from that year.
Hey, come on, touch and hold Tototo
Okay, right away, right away
I'm going to be busy. I'm busy. Thank you.
I'll give you TotoToto
Immediately Immediately
Business used to go down like this
How long does it take for us to cancel?
It's time
So much better
Can this go away? Are you like this?